1.What is oops stands for?
     oops is stands for Object Oriented Programming Languagae.

2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
     Multiple form of implementation is called Polymorphism.
Types of Polymorphism:
     1.Overloading/Compiletime/Static Binding
     2.Overriding/Runtime/Dynamic

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
     Interface is a Design.
     Interface is contains static constants and abstract methods.
     It gives statement form.(methods without a body)
     Public and Default access modifer used in Interface.
Example in Selenium:
     RemoteWebDriver implements WebDriver
     
4.what is abstarct class and example?
     Abstract class is a partial implement and unimplement method.
     If you need future uses to use abstract class.
Example in Selenium:
     driver.findelement(by.By) 
    
5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
1.Multiple Inheritance:
     1.Class level is not possible in Java.
     2.Multiple Inheritance is not widely used because it makes the system more complex.
     3.It has two class levels namely base class and derived class.
2.Multilevel Inheritance:
     1.Class level is possible in Java.
     2.Multilevel Inheritance is widely used .
     3.It has three class levels namely base class,intermediate class and derived class.

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
      No,Class level is not possible in java but interface level is possible.

7.What is keyword for using inheritance  
      Extends is a keyword for using inheritance.

8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class
      Implements is the keyword to connect interface and class.

9.what is difference between class and interface
1.Class:
      1.Class can contain concrete(with implementation methods).
      2.The access specifiers used with classes are public,private and protected.
2.Interface:
      1.The interface cannot contain concrete(with implementation methods).
      2.In interface only one specifier is used(public).

10.what is difference between class and abstract class
1.Class:
      1.A class cannot contain an abstract method.
      2.A class can be declared as final.
      3.A class is not declared using abstract modifier.
2.AbstractClass:
      1.An abstract class may or may not contain abtract methods.
      2.An abstract class cannot be declared as final.
      3.An abstract class is declared using abstract modifier.





